# V1 Docs

## The API

The API is served from `http://[].com/api/[version]`. Responses are formatted in JSON.

### Endpoints

Here is the list of endpoints currently available:

- `api/v1/ability`
- `api/v1/ability/[ability_id]`
- `api/v1/achievement`
- `api/v1/achievement/[achievement_id]`
- `api/v1/hero`
- `api/v1/hero/[hero_id]`
- `api/v1`
- `api/v1/map`
- `api/v1/map/[map_id]`
- `api/v1/reward`
- `api/v1/reward/[reward_id]`

A list of available endpoints is also available at the API root (`/`).

## Requests

Since the API is read-only, the endpoints only support the `GET` request method. Each resource usually has a `list` and accompanying `show` response. For example:

    GET api/v1/ability
    GET api/v1/ability/1

Requests should be made with the `Accept: application/json` header set. Although you'll still receive a valid JSON response when this header is not set, any error messages will be formatted in HTML as you haven't explicity requested a JSON response.

### Pagination

For `list` responses, pagination is supported with the `page` and `limit` request parameters:

    GET api/v1/ability?page=10&limit=20

The default limit is set to 50.

### Request Limiting

The API limits requests to 500 per hour. If you exceed this limit, any further requests will not be accepted until 60 minutes has passed. This is to reduce load on the server and to encourage caching. If you will be making multiple requests to the same resources, consider caching the response.

## Caching

The API supports the [HTTP ETag mechanism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_ETag), the use of which is encouraged.

Each successful API response will contain an `Etag` header, which is a hash representation of the response data. For example:

    Etag: "8228de654ca20aa6e59d9aa2d75709cf"

To make use of it you should cache the response against the ETag.

In your subsequent requests, send your ETag in the `If-None-Match` header and the API will compare it's version of the resource against your ETag. For example:

    If-None-Match: "8228de654ca20aa6e59d9aa2d75709cf"

Note the inclusion of the double quotes. These are required. 

If the resource has been modified, the API will return a `304 Not Modified` response with no response body. At this point you should revert to your cache. Conversely, if the resource has been modified, the resource will be provided as normal.

## Responses

### GET api/v1/ability






- `api/v1/ability/[ability_id]`
- `api/v1/achievement`
- `api/v1/achievement/[achievement_id]`
- `api/v1/hero`
- `api/v1/hero/[hero_id]`
- `api/v1`
- `api/v1/map`
- `api/v1/map/[map_id]`
- `api/v1/reward`
- `api/v1/reward/[reward_id]`

### Error Responses

